# Release notes v0.3.0

## Upgrading

- This release makes key and app attestation mandatory for both the iOS and
  Android app, which is preformed during registration with the Wallet Provider.
  The wallet contains the following changes in order to implement this:
    - The `wallet-config.json` needs to have a value for a new setting,
      `google_cloud_project_number`. This value needs to be set to whatever the
      project number is for the project configured in Play Integrity within the
      Play Store Console for the wallet app.
- The Wallet provider contains the following changes for iOS app and key
  attestation:
    - The signing of messages sent to the Wallet Provider has been amended to
      support the specifics of iOS attested key usage. This is a backwards
      incompatible change.
    - A database table has been added to store Apple attested key information.
    - The Wallet Provider configuration has been amended with an `ios` section,
      containing the team and bundle identifiers of the Wallet app, as well as a
      list of Apple Root CAs against which attestations are validated.
- The Wallet provider contains the following changes for Android key and app
  attestation:
    - A database table has been added to store Android attested key and
      integrity verdict information. Note that this also includes a
      restructuring of the database tables, which is a backwards incompatible
      change.
    - The signing of messages sent to the Wallet Provider has been changed in a
      way that is backwards incompatible.
    - The Wallet Provider configuration has been amended with an `android`
      section, which contains the following:
        - A list of root CA public keys, against which the certificate chain
          received during Android key attestation is validated. These can be
          either RSA or ECDSA keys, encoded in PKCS 8 in a Base64 string.
        - The package name of the Wallet app.
        - A boolean to indicate whether to allow side loading the wallet app
          when evaluating the integrity verdict as returned by Google.
        - A path to a file containing the credentials for a Google Cloud service
          account, which can be used to retrieve integrity verdicts.
        - A list of hashes of the certificates under which the Wallet app is
          published in the Play Store, against which the integrity verdict is
          checked.
- The embedded configuration server config and wallet config are now parsed and
  validated at build time.
    - This requires adding the `environment` property to the hosted
      `wallet-config.json` for all environments.
    - When running the app locally against a remote environment, the
      `CONFIG_DEV` environment variable must be set to the remote environment.
- The PID issuer now requires the configuration of Technical Attestation Schemas
  (TAS). It looks for JSON files on the filesystem relative to the binary. The
  names of the JSON files can be configured using the
  `PID_ISSUER__ISSUER__METADATA` environment variable or through the
  `issuer.metadata` key in the PID issuer TOML configuration. Note that TAS for
  both the PID and address has been split into two (fictitious) metadata
  documents for demonstration purposes.
- The settings now use a `__` for the prefix separator.
- The `issuer.` or `verifier.` prefixes of some of the items in the TOML
  configuration file(s) of the `wallet_server` must be removed.
- flutter_rust_bridge has been updated to 2.9.0, run
  `cargo install flutter_rust_bridge_codegen` to update.

## New features

- Implement performing key and app attestation during registration in iOS app.
- Implement performing key and app attestation during registration in the
  Android app.
- Add processing of Apple key and app attestations to the Wallet Provider.
- Verification Server now requires that a Proof of Association is included when
  attestations from multiple documents are submitted by the Wallet. The Wallet
  includes the Proof of Association if this is the case.
- Issue PID data based on a generic metadata format in the form of SD-JWT VC
  Type Metadata.
- Send the SD-JWT VC Type Metadata along with the credential previews and signed
  mdocs from the issuer to the wallet.
- Implement support for sending and validating a chain of SD-JWT VC Type
  Metadata documents, where each document extends the previous, and normalizing
  these documents for use in converting an attestation into its display
  representation.
- Add algorithm for unpacking mdoc namespaces to nested data structures for
  verification against SD-JWT VC Type Metadata documents.
- Validate attestations against their metadata in the issuer.
- Add issuer_uri to MobileSecurityObject and verify it against the SAN DNS name
  or URI in the issuer certificate.
- Both the PID issuer server and the verification server now support HSM keys in
  addition to software keys.
- Add support for SD-JWT.
- Add `attestationQualification` to Mdoc, configurable per attestation type.
- Add support for optional `summary` field to the SD-JWT VC Type Metadata, to be
  used to show a summary of attestations. Attestations should be referred to by
  their `svg_id`.
- Add a new `issuance_server` binary that can do disclosure based issuance of
  attestations.
- Support disclosure based issuance in the `wallet` crate.
- Previewing the credential before issuance is now independent of the credential
  format.
- Add `demo_issuer` to demonstrate disclosure based issuance.
- Add support for static Universal Links in `wallet_web`, to be used for
  disclosure based issuance.

## Code improvements

- The part of `wallet_common` that implements communication between `wallet` and
  `wallet_provider` has been split off into a separate `wallet_account` crate.
  This new crate provides a `client` and `server` cargo feature, which allows
  separating the dependency tree for the `wallet` and `wallet_provider`
  respectively. This change also enables moving some other code from
  `wallet_common` to `platform_support`.
- The axum routers used by OpenID4VCI/OpenID4VP servers have been split off to a
  new crate called `openid4vc_server`. This makes these routers more reusable.
- The `wallet_server` crate has been split off into separate new crates for the
  `pid_issuer` and `verification_server`.
- Common utilities have been extracted from the `wallet_common` crate into new
  crates:
    - Proof of Association utilities: `poa`
    - Json Web Tokens: `jwt`
    - ECDSA keys and X.509 certificates: `crypto`
    - HTTP client and server utilities: `http_utils`
    - Attestation data types: `attestation_data`
- `wallet_common` has been renamed to `utils`
- Disclosure and Issuance errors report the organization of the verifier/issuer
  when the error is caused by the remote party.

## Wallet app improvements

- Updated app theme; aligning Figma and Flutter text styles.
- Accessibility improvements; improved focus indicators and talkback/voiceover
  hints.
- Dynamic cards; card backgrounds are now rendered using the `DisplayMetadata`
  provided by the issuer. Currently only the 'simple' SD-JWT spec is supported.
- Improved accuracy of the copy in the history detail screen; there is now a
  subtle distinction between data 'may have been shared' and 'was not shared' in
  error cases, this is based on the shared attestations field.
- Inactivity warning dialog; The user is now presented with an inactivity
  warning before locking the app.
- Support disclosure based issuance flow.
- Improve 'missing attributes' flow UI.
- The app now shows a dedicated 'check url page' when the user performs a
  cross device disclosure request.
- Update to Flutter 3.32.1.
- Renewed cards are now rendered separately during the issuance flow.
- History renders dedicated 'renewed' events.

## Bug fixes

- Fix house number in test data.
- Do not panic in `gba_hca_converter` when house number parsing fails.

## CI changes

- Add MR template.
- Change deployment files to use environment variables (except
  demo-relying-party and private keys of pid-issuer).
