# Release notes v0.4.0

## Upgrading

- This release changes the identifiers used by the wallet and Wallet Provider to
  refer to the wallet's keys, invalidating existing keys and their identifiers.
  The WP's database will therefore have to be cleared when deploying this.
- Specifying for which attributes a relying party is authorized in a certificate
  has been made attestation format agnostic, meaning all existing certificates
  are invalid and should be regenerated to accommodate the new structure.
- The minimum size for the `ephemeral_id_secret` in the configuration of the
  `verification_server` has been increased from 16 to 32 bytes.
- The Wallet Provider no longer tracks in the database for each user if that
  user received a WUA. The corresponding column in the WP's user table has been
  removed, so the WP's database will therefore have to be cleared when deploying
  this.
- Switched configuration of mock relying party, issuance and verification server
  to use DCQL (Digital Credential Query Language) for defining credential
  queries. (see issuance_server.example.toml)
- The `disclosed_attributes` endpoint of the verifier no longer returns a JSON
  object keyed by the attestation type. Instead, it returns an array of
  attestation objects, with `attestation_type` added as a field in that object.
  This effectively removes the limitation that a particular attestation type
  can only appear once in disclosed attributes.

## New features

- The wallet and Wallet Provider now use the SHA256 of the public keys to refer
  to the wallet's keys, so that the wallet's signing instructions to the WP are
  non-repudiable.
- The wallet now supports issued attributes containing 'null' and array values.
- The PID issuer now includes a new attribute called the recovery code, which is
  computed as the HMAC of the user's BSN.
- When identical attestations are issued, the wallet detects if the attestation
  already exists and renews the existing attestation. The only exception is that
  if the attestation will be valid in the future, the attestation will be
  treated as new.

## Code improvements

- `ReaderRegistration` has been made attestation format agnostic, meaning the
  attributes specified in the reader certificate for which the relying party is
  authorized to request them are specified in a manner that works for both mdoc
  and SD-JWT attestations.
- The various instructions that the wallet used to send to the Wallet Provider
  during issuance and disclosure are now consolidated into two instructions, one
  for issuance and one for disclosure, that handle everything the wallet needs
  at once.

## Wallet app improvements

- The wallet now includes a 'video tour' screen, where users can watch short
  short video tutorials to learn about the functionalities of the app.
- The UI has been updated to support the 'pid renewal' flow. Currently only
  available in mock builds.
- Update to Flutter 3.32.8.

## Bug fixes

## CI changes

- Configure volume mounts more naturally (and aligned with other charts) via
  Helm values for update-policy-server and wallet-provider.
- Configure wallet-provider directly via Deployment instead of separate
  ConfigMap.
- Capture stdout/stderr from PKCS#11 library and log lines via log library to
  get structured logging
- Base CI images on Debian Trixie
