# Integration tests

This crate contains several types of integration tests that require at least a running database.
All of these tests use the `wallet` crate (e.g. the Rust core of the wallet without the `flutter_api` layer) as a client
to test happy path flows against the backend services.

There are several categories of tests, which are gated behind features:

* A set of regular integration tests that require PostgreSQL and SoftHSM to be configured and running. These test the
  bulk of the wallet functionality and require the `integration_test` feature to be enabled.
* An integration test for issuance that includes the DigiD connector. This requires the `digid_test` feature to be
  enabled.
* A performance test that is set up as a separate binary. It requires the `performance_test` feature.

## Regular integration tests

To run these tests, perform the following steps:

* Set up the local environment using `./scripts/setup-devenv.sh`.
* Start PostgreSQL using `./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres`.
* Run the tests from `wallet_core` using `cargo test --package tests_integration --features integration_test`.

## DigiD connector integration test

To run this test, perform the following steps:

* Set up the local environment using `./scripts/setup-devenv.sh`.
* Start PostgreSQL, the DigiD connector and the BRP proxy using `./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres digid brpproxy`.
* Run the tests from `wallet_core` using `cargo test --package tests_integration --features digid_test`.

## Performance test

### Configuration

This test is meant to be run against an already running (external) environment. It uses the wallet default
configuration determined by `wallet/.env` (or by using environment variables).

In addition, it requires an `test_integration/.env` file containing these keys:

- `RELYING_PARTY_URL`: The external URL from where the disclosure flow is started. Is used as return_url.
- `INTERNAL_WALLET_SERVER_URL`: The internal URL where the disclosure session is started. Normally
  used by the relying party server.
- `PUBLIC_WALLET_SERVER_URL`: The public URL of the Wallet Server where the status for the session can be retrieved.
  Normally used by the wallet_web frontend.
- `APPLE_ATTESTATION_ENVIRONMENT`: The Apple attestation environment to be used for Apple key and app attestation that is configured in the Wallet Provider. Valid values are `development` and `production`, defaulting to the former if not provided.
- `TEAM_IDENTIFIER`: The Apple Team Identifier to be used for Apple key and app attestation that is configured in the Wallet Provider. Note that this needs to be provided together with `BUNDLE_IDENTIFIER`.
- `BUNDLE_IDENTIFIER`: The Bundle Identifier of the wallet app to be used for Apple key and app attestation that is configured in the Wallet Provider. Note that this needs to be provided together with `TEAM_IDENTIFIER`.

This file is automatically generated by the `scripts/setup-devenv.sh` script for running the performance test locally.

### Running locally

To run the test locally, the following servers need to be started:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wallet_provider configuration_server update_policy_server verification_server pid_issuer digid_connector brp

or shorter:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wp cs ups vs pi digid brp

To build from `wallet_core`:

    cargo build --release --bin performance_test --features performance_test,allow_insecure_url

And run with:

    ./target/release/performance_test

To run the test using Cargo from `wallet_core`:

    RUST_LOG=debug cargo run --bin performance_test --features performance_test,allow_insecure_url

### Running externally

Change the values in `test_integration/.env` appropriately. The `allow_insecure_url` feature is not necessary (but
also doesn't hurt). In addition, the `CONFIG_ENV` environment variable has to be set to point to the proper
environment, e.g. `ont`.

## GBA-V to PID tests

### Configuration

This test needs to run against the GBA-V proefomgeving. Therefore, the `gba-hc-converter` needs to be configured
according to the configuration as can be seen in `wallet_core/gba_hc_converter/gba_hc_converter.toml.gbav.example`.

### Running

To run the test, the following servers need to be started:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wallet_provider pid_issuer digid_connector brp

or shorter:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wp pi digid brp

And run the actual test with:

    cargo nextest run --package tests_integration --features=gba_pid_test --test gba_pid_test --fail-fast

### Maintenance

For mass accepting all `.snap.new` files, use the following command in the `tests/snapshots` folder:

    for i in ./*.snap.new ; do mv "$i" "${i%%.new}; done
