wallet_core/tests_integration/README.md, before:

# Integration tests

This crate contains several types of integration tests that require at least a running database.
All of these tests use the `wallet` crate (e.g. the Rust core of the wallet without the `flutter_api` layer) as a client
to test happy path flows against the backend services.

There are several categories of tests, which are gated behind features:

* A set of regular integration tests that require PostgreSQL and SoftHSM to be configured and running. These test the
  bulk of the wallet functionality and require the `integration_test` feature to be enabled.
* An integration test for issuance that includes the DigiD connector. This requires the `digid_test` feature to be
  enabled.
* A performance test that is set up as a separate binary. It requires the `performance_test` feature.

## Regular integration tests

To run these tests, perform the following steps:

* Set up the local environment using `./scripts/setup-devenv.sh`.
* Start PostgreSQL using `./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres`.
* Run the tests from `wallet_core` using `cargo test --package tests_integration --features integration_test`.

## DigiD connector integration test

To run this test, perform the following steps:

* Set up the local environment using `./scripts/setup-devenv.sh`.
* Start PostgreSQL, the DigiD connector and the BRP proxy using `./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres digid brpproxy`.
* Run the tests from `wallet_core` using `cargo test --package tests_integration --features digid_test`.

## Performance test

### Configuration

This test is meant to be run against an already running (external) environment. It uses the wallet default
configuration determined by `wallet/.env` (or by using environment variables).

In addition, it requires an `test_integration/.env` file containing two keys:

- `RELYING_PARTY_URL`: The external URL from where the disclosure flow is started. Is used as return_url.
- `INTERNAL_WALLET_SERVER_URL`: The internal URL where the disclosure session is started. Normally
  used by the relying party server.
- `PUBLIC_WALLET_SERVER_URL`: The public URL of the Wallet Server where the status for the session can be retrieved.
  Normally used by the wallet_web frontend.

This file is automatically generated by the `scripts/setup-devenv.sh` script for running the performance test locally.

### Running locally

To run the test locally, the following servers need to be started:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wallet_provider configuration_server verification_server pid_issuer digid_connector brp

or shorter:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wp cs vs pi digid brp

To build from `wallet_core`:

    cargo build --release --bin performance_test --features performance_test,allow_insecure_url

And run with:

    ./target/release/performance_test

To run the test using Cargo from `wallet_core`:

    RUST_LOG=debug cargo run --bin performance_test --features performance_test,allow_insecure_url

### Running externally

Change the values in `test_integration/.env` appropriately. The `allow_insecure_url` feature is not necessary (but
also doesn't hurt).

## GBA-V to PID tests

### Configuration

This test needs to run against the GBA-V proefomgeving. Therefore, the `gba-hc-converter` needs to be configured
according to the configuration as can be seen in `wallet_core/gba_hc_converter/gba_hc_converter.toml.gbav.example`.

### Running

To run the test, the following servers need to be started:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wallet_provider pid_issuer digid_connector brp

or shorter:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wp pi digid brp

And run the actual test with:

    cargo test --package tests_integration --features=gba_pid_test

### Maintenance

For mass accepting all `.snap.new` files, use the following command in the `tests/snapshots` folder:

    for i in ./*.snap.new ; do mv "$i" $(echo "$i" | cut -d . -f1-3); done

Commit message:

Implement using attested key in Wallet
This replaces the use of `PlatformEcdsaKey` with `AttestedKeyHolder`
within `Wallet`. This includes changes to many unit tests for `Wallet`
and the setup of integration tests.

Note the following limitations:
* Use of Google attested keys is not fully supported yet. All tests
  assume use of Apple attested keys for now.
* Some tests that rely on mocking errors when using attested keys have
  been commented out. This will be fixed in the next commit.

wallet_core/tests_integration/README.md, after:

# Integration tests

This crate contains several types of integration tests that require at least a running database.
All of these tests use the `wallet` crate (e.g. the Rust core of the wallet without the `flutter_api` layer) as a client
to test happy path flows against the backend services.

There are several categories of tests, which are gated behind features:

* A set of regular integration tests that require PostgreSQL and SoftHSM to be configured and running. These test the
  bulk of the wallet functionality and require the `integration_test` feature to be enabled.
* An integration test for issuance that includes the DigiD connector. This requires the `digid_test` feature to be
  enabled.
* A performance test that is set up as a separate binary. It requires the `performance_test` feature.

## Regular integration tests

To run these tests, perform the following steps:

* Set up the local environment using `./scripts/setup-devenv.sh`.
* Start PostgreSQL using `./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres`.
* Run the tests from `wallet_core` using `cargo test --package tests_integration --features integration_test`.

## DigiD connector integration test

To run this test, perform the following steps:

* Set up the local environment using `./scripts/setup-devenv.sh`.
* Start PostgreSQL, the DigiD connector and the BRP proxy using `./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres digid brpproxy`.
* Run the tests from `wallet_core` using `cargo test --package tests_integration --features digid_test`.

## Performance test

### Configuration

This test is meant to be run against an already running (external) environment. It uses the wallet default
configuration determined by `wallet/.env` (or by using environment variables).

In addition, it requires an `test_integration/.env` file containing two keys:

- `RELYING_PARTY_URL`: The external URL from where the disclosure flow is started. Is used as return_url.
- `INTERNAL_WALLET_SERVER_URL`: The internal URL where the disclosure session is started. Normally
  used by the relying party server.
- `PUBLIC_WALLET_SERVER_URL`: The public URL of the Wallet Server where the status for the session can be retrieved.
  Normally used by the wallet_web frontend.
- `TEAM_IDENTIFIER`: The Apple Team Identifier to be used for Apple key and app attestation that is configured in the Wallet Provider.
- `BUDNLE_IDENTIFIER`: The Bundle Identifier of the wallet app to be used for Apple key and app attestation that is configured in the Wallet Provider.


This file is automatically generated by the `scripts/setup-devenv.sh` script for running the performance test locally.

### Running locally

To run the test locally, the following servers need to be started:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wallet_provider configuration_server verification_server pid_issuer digid_connector brp

or shorter:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wp cs vs pi digid brp

To build from `wallet_core`:

    cargo build --release --bin performance_test --features performance_test,allow_insecure_url

And run with:

    ./target/release/performance_test

To run the test using Cargo from `wallet_core`:

    RUST_LOG=debug cargo run --bin performance_test --features performance_test,allow_insecure_url

### Running externally

Change the values in `test_integration/.env` appropriately. The `allow_insecure_url` feature is not necessary (but
also doesn't hurt).

## GBA-V to PID tests

### Configuration

This test needs to run against the GBA-V proefomgeving. Therefore, the `gba-hc-converter` needs to be configured
according to the configuration as can be seen in `wallet_core/gba_hc_converter/gba_hc_converter.toml.gbav.example`.

### Running

To run the test, the following servers need to be started:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wallet_provider pid_issuer digid_connector brp

or shorter:

    ./scripts/start-devenv.sh postgres wp pi digid brp

And run the actual test with:

    cargo test --package tests_integration --features=gba_pid_test

### Maintenance

For mass accepting all `.snap.new` files, use the following command in the `tests/snapshots` folder:

    for i in ./*.snap.new ; do mv "$i" $(echo "$i" | cut -d . -f1-3); done
