.gitlab/merge_request_templates/Default.md, before:

# PVW-<XXXX> <TITLE>

<Rationale and/or important implementation decisions>

## Review checklist

As a developer I declare that:

- [ ] This MR is implemented according to the specifications as described in: (PVW-{XXXX} | CAP-{XXXX})
    - [ ] Approved by reviewer
        - verification date: {DD-MM-YYYY}
- [ ] This MR implements all tests as specified in: (PVW-{XXXX} | CAP-{XXXX})
    - [ ] Approved by reviewer
- [ ] The specifications are updated according to any potential insights that came to light during development
    - [ ] Approved by reviewer
- [ ] All relevant documentation impacted by the changes in this MR is updated correctly
    - [ ] Approved by reviewer
- [ ] This MR does not contain commits with code or commit messages that contain any of the following
    - Personal information
    - Copyrighted files or data
    - Secrets or internal identifiers such as hostnames, project IDs, etc
    - Sensitive internal details that are not yet ready for publication
    - Other unexpected, strange or inappropriate things
    - [ ] Approved by reviewer
- [ ] Relevant input for the Release Notes is documented in the "Additional information" field of Jira ticket PVW-{XXXX}, think of:
    - API changes
    - Configuration changes
    - Upgrade instructions
    - [ ] Approved by reviewer

Commit message:

Remove developer checkbox, add more checkboxes

.gitlab/merge_request_templates/Default.md, after:

# PVW-<XXXX> <TITLE>

<Rationale and/or important implementation decisions>

## Review checklist

- [ ] This MR is implemented according to the specifications as described in: (PVW-{XXXX} | CAP-{XXXX})
    - verification date: {DD-MM-YYYY}
- [ ] This MR implements all tests as specified
- [ ] The specifications are updated according to any potential insights that came to light during development
- [ ] The code actually does what the author intends
- [ ] The code adheres to our guidelines and general best practices
- [ ] The code is readable for other members of the team (and potentially the general public)
- [ ] There are sufficient tests, the tests are useful for the MR and actually test what they intend to test
- [ ] All relevant documentation impacted by the changes in this MR is updated correctly.
    See the [documentation](./documentation) folder, however most importantly for third parties:
    - [documentation/relying-party.md](./documentation/relying-party.md)
- [ ] Relevant input for the Release Notes is documented in the "Additional information" field of the Jira ticket, think of:
    - API changes
    - Configuration changes
    - Upgrade instructions
- [ ] This MR does not contain commits with code or commit messages that contain any of the following
    - Personal information
    - Copyrighted files or data
    - Secrets or internal identifiers such as hostnames, project IDs, etc
    - Sensitive internal details that are not yet ready for publication
    - Other unexpected, strange or inappropriate things
